organize data-migration/ directory (#645)
research-software-directory/research-software-directory: data-migration/2.x-to-3.x/README.md

> # Updating data from 2.x to 3.x

Reviewer: Can we link to this document in the `Unreleased` chapter of the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/research-software-directory/research-software-directory/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

Author: Added link to new section _3.0.0 (Unreleased)_ in CHANGELOG

Reviewer: Looks OK now

The following code snippet emulates the situation where the code is in version 3.0.0 while the data is in version 2.0.2
(this assumes that you've followed the [instructions for removing local
state](https://github.com/research-software-directory/research-software-directory/blob/3.0.0/docs/dev.md#removing-local-state)):

```shell
# give me the code state for 3.0.0 ...

> git checkout 3.0.0

Reviewer: Add fetch for safety so when `3.0.0`  tag exists remotely it can actually be found locally as well.
```suggestion
git fetch --tags
git checkout 3.0.0
```

Author: added

> # ... but with sample data from version 2.0.2
> git checkout 2.0.2 -- database/db-init

Reviewer: You should only do this when you don't have a 2.x database
```suggestion
# ... if you don't have the database filled with 2.x version data
# it can be filled with sample data from version 2.0.0 using 
git checkout 2.0.2 -- database/db-init
```

Reviewer: Also this checkout leaves your local clone with staged changes, you should be careful not to commit those changes.  To undo I had to run

```shell
git restore --staged database/db-init
git restore database/db-init
```

A note would be nice.

Author: I updated notes to include:
```
git reset HEAD database/db-init
git checkout -- database/db-init
```
which have the effect of rolling back the changes to db-init resulting from the checkout

Reviewer: git v2.23.0 introduced `git restore` to replace `git checkout` in some places. So I used the commands my git suggested. Using these older commands is fine, as they work in more versions of git.

Author: Aha I didnt know that, and indeed I'm using git v2.21.0
